TINY-8372: Changed default path delimiter symbol (#7518)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Moved the `hr` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8313
- Moved the `print` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8314
- Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema API to `getVoidElements` #TINY-8344

> - Changed default path delimiter symbol from `»` to `›` #TINY-8372

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the default statusbar element path delimiter from `»` to `›` #TINY-8372
```
Just to try and add a little more clarity about where this change applied
